# flashcards
As a user, I should be able to...
1. View cards displayed in order on the screen, so I can select them by topic written on the front.
2. Click on the cards, and have them respond by flipping over,
so I can see the answer to the topic or question on the flip-side
3. Be prompted to answer a question for each card, so I can see whether or not I know the answer!
4. See whether I got the answer right or wrong, so if I'm right I can feel happy, and if I'm wrong I can go study so I can try again and get the answer right and feel happy!
5. Be able to click a button and refresh the page, so I can start over and try to get a perfect score.

This is an interactive flashcard learning experience featuring insulting text boxes, beautiful music, stunning images... the whole nine yards! After getting the basics down using HTML, I spent (most of) my time making this project look gorgeous with my CSS. After I got everything lookin' pretty, I added interactivity (click event listeners, prompts, responses to prompts, disappearing flashcards, restart option) using jQuery. This project looks and functions almost exactly how I'd pictured before I began working on it! The only unsolved issue/function I want to include is a keypress event, so that when the user presses the enter key, the same functions occur as when they click an image.

When I was coming up with the layout and functionality for this project during the initial planning process (in my head), I wanted to display a certain number of rectangular boxes split into two seperate columns on my webpage. I knew that I wanted to include an actual image of an index card as the background for each box, so that there would be no doubt in the users mind that they are supposed to be flash cards. Also, I wanted small circle-shaped images related to the topics in the top right corner of each box. I knew that I wanted a header above the main (flashcard) section of the page with at least a title, with an image or additional content. I pictured having a restart button, possibly either in the header or somewhere in the main section. I decided to have that appear in the footer after the last question is answered. One of the first things I knew that I wanted to include was the Indie Flower font that I had seen on google fonts, because it looks just like handwriting, which is perfect for flashcards, in my opinion. After reading through the instructions, I decided that I would use prompts to ask the user different questions when they click on each card, and alerts to let them know whether they got them right or wrong, as well as utilizing JavaScript to remove a card from the page when they get it's answer right. I decided to display the answer on the "flipside" of the card if their answer is incorrect by hiding the <h1> content and showing the <p> content. After all this was accomplished, I was able to tweak and add additional features like clickable images, hover events, and music!
